              XPRC BINARY DISTRIBUTION LICENSE AND DISCLAIMER
                                Draft Version

XPRC is being developed and published as Open Source under the MIT license
but couldn't have been done without the help of other software dependencies,
which are subject to several additional licenses. Source code needs to be
compiled to a binary in order to be loaded into the simulator as a plugin.

This "binary distribution license" aims to provide an initial high-level
explanation and collective disclaimer and should mainly be seen as an
additional preamble, applying to the binary end product but not restricting
the availability or permissions associated with its MIT-licensed source code
or the dependencies it has been linked with. This license does not substitute
or restrict any of the original licenses of XPRC or its dependencies. Users
should carefully read and must accept all applicable licenses and
disclaimers.

If you do not agree to or cannot fulfill any of the terms set by either
license or disclaimer, then you are required to immediately discontinue use
of XPRC and may be obliged to delete all copies you received or created.


1. Disclaimer

In addition to each license detailing how recipients are being granted
permissions to use the software, they also generally contain warranty and
liability disclaimers. While all original disclaimers remain in full effect,
the following disclaimer, based on the plugin source's primary MIT license,
and the provided examples shall act as a summary of what (not) to expect:

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Put in simple words:

- XPRC likely has bugs and you cannot legally demand to have them corrected
  or receive compensation for anything (also remember that, at least if
  obtained from official project locations, this plugin is provided to you
  free of charge)

- If you choose to connect machinery such as, for example, a force feedback
  yoke, motorized thrust lever or even a moving platform to your sim and
  influence it (directly or indirectly) through XPRC, then you or others may
  actually get physically injured. No matter if that's due to a bug or
  intended operation of XPRC, it's entirely on you (the user), not "us"
  (the developers and authors) to deal with the consequences/damage.
  "We" will also not compensate anyone for damage to property such as a
  broken hardware part or a burnt-down house.

- in short: use at your own risk


2. Compliance

It may be possible that you or your country are subject to additional
regulations such as US export restrictions incl. special terms of use
concerning the operating system you are using XPRC on. You, the user,
acknowledge that such restrictions are not always feasible to be checked for
you when it comes to distribution of free and Open Source software such as
XPRC. Therefore, you accept that it is your own responsibility to remain in
compliance with all additional terms and conditions concerning for example,
but not limited to, your local jurisdiction, the place of import/use of XPRC
or the computer environment you install XPRC to, incl. proper licensing of
the operating system and its components.


3. Linking, Combined Work

When source code is being compiled to binaries, all dependencies are being
linked to or into the resulting file(s). During that process, individual
dependencies may become inseparable from the end product (static linking).

In general, the inclusion of dependencies may constitute a "combined work".

These terms may be referred to by some dependencies' licenses.


4. Connected Applications

XPRC offers other, external applications access to the simulator over a
network connection. This distribution license and additional disclaimer
explicitly does not cover or restrict those applications.

Each interfacing application is free to choose its own license(s) and
disclaimer(s) as long as it does not interfere with any terms and conditions
set by the individual licenses of XPRC and its dependencies.


5. Redistribution & Forks

XPRC only works properly if it is installed as a global plugin, not per
aircraft or scenery addon.

In case you decide to bundle XPRC with another product, please include the
complete official distribution package or its unaltered contents. Please do
not replace existing XPRC installations without confirmation.
When building an installer, the recommended way would be to offer XPRC as an
option, possibly checking for an existing XPRC plugin (see protocol
specification) and disabling that option by default, if found.

When forking or distributing your own builds of XPRC, please check if and how
this "binary distribution license" still applies to you or your work and make
the necessary changes. Also make sure to update copyright information, while
retaining all original notes. In addition to conditions made by original
licenses, it should be noted that some forms of distribution as well as
anything published e.g. by commercial entities may in some jurisdictions not
be entitled to disclaim warranty & liability. Please check the project's
website(s) and source repositories for more information and seek legal advice
(not provided by the project), if necessary.

Note that even bundling the original package may in some cases require
warranty and liability to be provided by the distributor. It may be
preferable to just refer users to the original website(s) to obtain XPRC as a
separate copy.

If you make modifications to this "binary distribution license", please give
it a new name to clearly distinguish it from the original and avoid
confusion.


6. Severability

In case any condition of this license may be invalid or conflict with itself
or an original license of XPRC or its various dependencies, the part that is
in question shall be substituted while following the original intent as
closely as possible. Original licenses always take precedence, if in
conflict.
